Add docs to a separate PR for review (#5153)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/how-to/build-execute-hipdnn.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Learn how to build and execute operation graphs in hipDNN.
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, API, how-to 

.. _build-execute:

********************************************
Build and execute operation graphs in hipDNN
********************************************

This section covers how to use the frontend API to build and execute graph operations in hipDNN.

The hipDNN frontend provides a C++ header-only API for building and executing operation graphs. 

.. note::

>   The MIOpen Provider plugin serves as the kernel provider. It employs a modular C++ architecture, largely decoupled from the API layer. See :ref:`miopen` for more info.

Reviewer: This note can be removed as it won't notably affect the User's understanding of how to use the frontend API.

Author: Removed

Frontend file structure
=======================

Here's the basic frontend file structure with links to the GitHub repository:

- `Library includes <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/hipdnn/frontend/include>`_
- `Unit tests <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/hipdnn/frontend/tests>`_

> - `Samples <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/hipdnn/samples>`_

Reviewer: Samples are likely more relevant to Users learning the API at this point than tests. Consider moving Samples to be the second line to increase the chance that users view it, rather than potentially getting overwhelmed by the complexity of the tests.

Author: Done

Frontend architecture
=====================

> The frontend architecture consists of the ``Graph`` class, tensors, nodes, and attributes.

Reviewer: This appears to be a duplication of the Frontend Architecture in [the conceptual/architecture.rst file.](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/pull/5153/changes#diff-8cc826bbcdd8a574e1967c69659ef383a27953bd2470e9436c57d69aff11a7adR44), with some differences though (e.g. I asked to add TensorAttributes in the architecture.rst file not realizing that Tensor was defined in the frontend architecture content here).

The Tensor section here should probably be replaced with TensorAttributes. The reference to operation-support should be retained and added to the architecture.rst section.

I think this content, *if kept as duplicate,* should be the same between these two documents. I am concerned though that users who read this will be hoping/expecting that it provides more details on how to use the frontend API than they found in the architecture.rst section, and will be discouraged when they read through it to find it's the same.

@mattwill-amd Do you have any recommendations for the best way to handle this?

Author: Agreed. There should be a reason for the information to exist in the Architecture page. We can either:

1. Leave the information as-is in the **Architecture** page, then remove the duplicate content in the **Build and Execute** page and provide a link for more information that leads back to the Tensor section in the **Architecture** page.
2. Keep the current version on this page as a simplified version, then expand on the information in the **Architecture** page.

- Each node type has corresponding attribute classes (for example, ``Batchnorm_attributes``).
- Attributes include operation-specific parameters like epsilon, momentum, etc.
- Support builder pattern for easy configuration.

Simplified workflow
===================

This example demonstrates sample code that creates a graph, creates tensors, and adds operations before building and executing them. Here's a simplified workflow example:

.. code:: cpp

  // Create a graph
  Graph graph;
  graph.set_compute_data_type(DataType_t::FLOAT);

  // Create tensors
  auto x = Graph::tensor(/* tensor attributes */);
  auto scale = Graph::tensor(/* tensor attributes */);
  auto bias = Graph::tensor(/* tensor attributes */);

  // Add operations
  auto [y, mean, inv_var, _, _] = graph.batchnorm(x, scale, bias, bn_attributes);

  // Build and execute
  graph.build_operation_graph(handle);
  graph.create_execution_plans();
  graph.build_plans();
  graph.execute(handle, variant_pack, workspace);

This is the basic frontend workflow:

1. Instantiate a :ref:`graph` that houses tensors and operations.
2. Create input tensors for the operations within the graph.

> 3. Add operations which become :ref:`nodes`. Any :ref:`attributes` you add configure the behaviour of these nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add operations which become :ref:`nodes`, attaching the input Tensors to the nodes and creating output tensors from the node's operation. Any :ref:`attributes` you add configure the behavior of these nodes.
4. Continue adding operations and attributes, using the output Tensors from prior nodes as input Tensors for new nodes.

The graph is then processed to find a matching engine, configuration knobs are applied and execution plans are built, memory is allocated, tensor data is supplied, and the resulting plan is executed on the GPU hardware.
```

Author: added
